Add --show-csv flag to dvc exp show (#2740)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/exp/show.md

  experiment names.

- `--show-json` - prints the command's output in easily parsable JSON format,

>   instead of a human-readable table .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instead of a human-readable table.
```

> - `--show-csv` - Print output in csv format instead of a human-readable table.

Reviewer 2: Print -> prints

csv -> CSV

`table .` -> table.`

Reviewer 2: also, for consistency why don't we do `the command's output`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--show-csv` - prints the command's output in CSV format instead of a human-readable table.
```
